Idea 1 : YouTube as the season go by

Is the summer body trend impacting YouTube ? Do viewers want to make comfy recipes and “do it yourself” when snow starts to fall ? Overall, are the seasons impacting the viewer's interest for certain topics ? YouTube channels cover many subjects, but the interests of people can change within the same year. YouTube is an entertainment platform where you can find food reviews, educational videos, music as well as a sport sessions. We could see if the attention of viewers to specific categories of channels or video changes within the year. By comparing the number of viewers for videos of some category throughout the months, as well as the number of new subscribers to the channel and interactions with the channel. Some channels categories may stand out and reflect the mood, interest and even trends of the community at different time of the year.

Idea 2 : The recipe to success

Everybody told me that hard work is always rewarded. If you're committed to your company, you'll be able to grow within it and maybe even be promoted. But YouTuber’s success is only dependent on their viewers' community. I would say that the work of a YouTuber is only seen by his/her community when a video is posted. Does posting several videos within a week means more subscribers, likes, views or comments? In my opinion, the success of a YouTuber depends on the statistics of its channel and thus on the interactions YouTube users have with their videos as well as their subscription. Also, we could ask ourselves what is the best direction to take regarding the content of our channel. Are “successful” YouTubers in 2019 all in the same category ?  In a way, we can investigate on the key points of a good and successful channels, going from the duration of videos to the best topics.

Idea 3 : How did YouTube grow over the years ?

I would say that the accessibility to internet has changed between 2005 and 2019. With the invention of the first iPhone in 2007, people started to have smartphones thus giving an easier way to access several platforms such as YouTube. Can the democratization of technologies bring an expansion to YouTube ? The date of creation of several channels could indicate the rate of growth of YouTube’s community. It would also be interesting to compare the content proposed by the channels and how it changed throughout generations (X, Y, Z and Alpha) as viewers and content creators. We could also investigate on the activity of the subscribers, how much they comment and interact with each other. Also, how did the 2005 YouTube channels survived, if they did. As the first content on the platform born in 2005, were these YouTube channels still active in 2019, are they “famous” or just in the shadow of the new ones created day by day ?

Feedback: Overall, great work! Try to narrow down your ideas to make the stories more meaningful. For example, the third idea stands out with the exploration of older YouTube channels, which I find very interesting and creative. However, the first two ideas are a bit too broad and seem to be commonly chosen topics for ADA projects.
