Idea 1: Youtube as a social network
Nowadays, we are surrounded by different types of social networks. Those networks allow users to share content and connect with each other. Youtube is one of them. Therefore we could ask ourselves what patterns can be identified from user behavior in terms of comments , likes , and video content? What could it say about our society?
We can explore this by extracting the ID’s of users that comment on videos to identify  clusters based on  similar interests . This could give us an insight into existing communities and links between them in terms of video content. 
Furthermore , using the data on tags could refine our understanding of the way different video categories are watched by the same users. Finally , we can analyze how representative of a user’s behavior the tags are. 
In social networks the interaction with others is primordial. Based on the likes, dislikes, and replies of comments of specific users we can analyze this interactive part. Conclusions about the implication of some users about specific types of videos can be drawn. 

Idea 2: Unveiling the drivers behind youtube video views.
Since the foundation of Youtube in 2005, the digital media consumption on this platform has significantly increased. As trends come and go, different strategies emerge. Everybody wants to boost the number of views on their videos. But what role do engagement metrics, such as likes, comments, subscriber, play in driving the number of views ?
It is crucial to understand how those metrics influence the video performance. For instance, channels with a higher number of subscribers have a ‘built-in’ audience which increases the probability of having higher viewing spikes.
To understand this question , we can plot the different metrics against the number of views to identify consistent  patterns. By examining various criterias such as how more comments can lead to longer-lasting popularity we can gain some insight on what a video’s success on youtube relies on.

Idea 3: Detecting algorithm changes on youtube through data patterns.
Being popular on social networks means having the highest number of likes, views, subscribers etc.. This is also the case on Youtube. To reach this popularity level, users try to determine what factors influence the site’s recommendation algorithm. Therefore we can ask ourselves if we can  detect potential changes in Youtube’s recommendation algorithm using long-term time series data. We can also look into how these changes correlate with shifts in video performance metrics and media reports. 
Based on the different time series and update data  from videos from 2005 to 2019 we can  find any abrupt change in the different engagement metrics. Those sudden changes could mean that the recommendation algorithm was altered and started prioritizing other videos. We can try to find out the reasoning behind those changes  by going through the press. As abrupt changes of Youtube algorithm  generally do not go unnoticed ,   some press coverage on those changes could probably confirm our hypothesis.
